hi guys I'm article and I'm doing a
yellow gameplay a spontaneous gameplay
as always now yep okay we are in strange
town more specifically at the Pickers be
beakers they be beakers yes yes nervous
Cecilia how the silk
chief Chen in Italian or something silk
or scissors and Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki
I think Loki luteum okay so the only
thing I've done so far in this family is
changing nervous chemistry in the old in
the previous gameplay he wants to be
best friends with best friends with
Pascal and and he wants to move out that
that's exactly my plan kind of but even
even even more than that okay so I I've
never even played like more than I don't
know three days in this family so that
will be interesting
that all makes sense yeah I know you
don't like each other but I know they
are well actually you kind of like them
that's kind of a Stockholm Syndrome
oh he's arguing about toys that makes
sense actually since he didn't have like
normal childhood okay so what do we do
you want to flirt with with the redhead
but she's at work I will call her the
redhead or Cecilia because that's her
polish name because I I can't
pronounce this oh yeah there's one weird
thing happening in their house that it's
not really there's no mess or anything
it's totally clean but they have
cockroaches yeah and they get sick and
stuff and it's kind of even possible
that one of them will die of sickness
that would be a nice plot twist
yeah and they keep smashing them and
stuff okay
Gopi of course and do something for your
work maybe logic unique need cooking and
cleaning you're not being pragmatic ah
okay compromise you'll study cooking and
mechanical is that good it's funny how
they cry about cockroaches okay now you
go pee or poop I don't think that's a
good idea here because no one can put a
plate in those three seats those things
need to be like here because the
can't find words as always the corner
cabinets are useless anyway so corner
yes
okay he's studying and you are in social
so being so so it's probably good to
call Pascoe wherever the phone is
where's the phone oh so humble hi we got
a computer that would be awesome to
receive a free computer in real life
especially if that would be a gaming
computer just like that not not not
being forced to retreat stuff and spam
and lose followers so where is the phone
anyway oh there Wow
I wouldn't even think it would it could
be here
crank allows him okay
I'm supposed to play for two days but at
the same time I'm supposed to play like
40 minutes so that's kind of that's kind
of impossible really
because one day I mean when I play my
myself look at without recording the
playing for two days takes me like well
forty minutes actually or even thirty
minutes
oh oh god okay we go with the flow
I will choose with my eyes closed if I
even am able to click around on anything
am i clicking okay it's closer to this
so whoa she got promoted that's that's
really new
I always second that those things I will
always choose blindfolded from now on
yes okay and she wants to buy the whole
world me the whole world
I meant the whole world what the hell
tongue I can't speak in this language
okay a stereo for 2000 and again for
3000 stereo 2000 okay so this would be
like this or okay this but what am I
supposed to place it
okay
be cute
makes sense
no no stop wasting time on dancing with
your arms
a game for a 3,000 you didn't have money
for that never mind them this needs to
suffice for now nervous do you have
anything to do you wanna gain skill
point maybe charisma that would fit
where's the mirror they have a mirror in
your room in your lovely basement oh
okay
no no don't take this out oh my god your
face is so beautiful Wow
okay enough of the cooking I don't think
anything special will happen here and
I'm kind of I I know I will sound weird
so I think my microphone isn't set
properly
you're too tempting go away you don't
have money for that what I gave you food
oh I block the bed with my sorry
wait a second the better guess so what
the heck
like what why is olive here and why do
does why is she like
I guess you're bored okay you can join
me now III don't see a problem with that
you will save the video thank you I will
pay you in cut food as always okay
so as you see right now except my
humongous face in this angle I think
okay what we see here is olive Spectre
which is as you know or don't know
nervous mother and she is like calling
the redhead names or something so and
she just randomly appeared on the lot
and they are on the roof that's
definitely an unforgettable view you
okay so so so so what's next
what what what else the game has to
offer
Misha get your tail from my keyboard
thank you
and that's it she came here offended her
and went away okay okay so we continue
get your ass from the oh if you wanna be
I know
if you want to be famous show your ass
but no no on my channel we we are not
showing asses okay okay he's hungry as
so yeah he actually stopped
studying Oh your face is even prettier I
didn't even remember it's that it looks
like that that bad I mean that pretty
okay make spaghetti cleaning skill point
okay but first eat something and maybe
take a shower
what are you doing do you want to get
sick and also your patients to get sick
infect them well I'm kind of I have a
lot of brain farts today okay okay so
it's the evening oh I will disappear in
like three minutes and also mesh up with
maybe you will hear pouring by this
thing that's good
no asses no of course of course you're
sick but but don't die I have plans for
you really
Oh No get this thing straight you want
more cockroaches I don't think you want
no not chips I want to juice okay oh
it's 9:00 p.m. already
okay I'm not putting you anymore
she is lying on my head
no on my hand not my head my head is
fine okay we need to bring some action
here because we have like 20 more
minutes of recording and I don't think
anything interesting happen except of my
cat of course okay what interesting can
happen in this family a baby but they
don't want a baby I want them to want a
baby before I get them one why do you
drink coffee at freaking 10 p.m. can't
you just go to sleep okay sleep and
where is the redhead what are you
is there a bedroom here or here I think
here because this this bed is more
expensive right
I think oh no wait wait thanks check
this looks more like a guest room so
there's this first Oh No
that's this one is cheaper okay so their
bedroom is here I'm hungry
Wow no wait there's 100k my cat is
sitting on my keyboard at least very
close to my keyboard and and she's
blocking the keyboard so worth it
Wow his personality is definitely unique
and her similar okay so okay so serve
some breakfast
but please don't burn the house down I
have the alarms okay I was hoping they
had new totally new whims like once
today but they don't so so I guess
nothing you will happen this time gain
you some fun I read a book history you
are a big mystery so mystery it's kind
of okay now he's going to work and she
has day off oh no wait oh she's oh she's
going at 6 p.m. actually at 5 p.m. okay
so she will not before she goes and you
will learn mechanical maybe take a
shower first because I know you're
hiding the crib the crease bad deal
Wow I never maybe not never but long
time no see her face without the glasses
and she actually it's pretty in some way
even though she has really small eyes
she she is kind of kind of nice if they
have a baby and this baby gets
everything from her other
almost everything then we're good but if
it doesn't then wow I think there's
something something wrong with with them
but I know at least with nervous because
he's hygiene keeps decreasing like
really fast or maybe he he didn't take a
shower when I asked him to I didn't
really focus enough but I think he did
so that's kind of weird because he had
to take a shower again
I think his hygiene was pretty low at
least not not very high of course I love
when they do that
they sit right on this in the in the
middle of the living room
get a diary and they are doing this like
stop watching they are certainly ashamed
even though they knew all this time
before they got the diary that someone
is here so that has been always pretty
hilarious for me oh no don't watch me
writing in my diary
whoever pasco okay so you want you wanna
gain a skill point maybe started cooking
something Europe really you're a family
type so that fits oh and I think she
yeah she gains scale point so now
cleaning and logic where do you keep
your chests if you have maybe on the
roof oh no but you have this
no not really because oh wow
I know ice why all inspector was here
probably Cecilia was looking through the
telescope and and there is always a
neighbor coming and calling them names
because she thought she was like looking
at her you know that is a nice
coincidence actually because that's how
they met
I'm wondering if if if the redhead is
even aware that olive is their subjects
mother and I've always been curious what
uptown reference I've always been
curious what nervous name the original
name was because I don't think I live
gave birth to him and named him they
were nervous subject what well what kind
of mother does that right so in the same
three he he is a toddler and he still
has the name nervous subject that's
that's kind of weird that I I think that
would be really cool if they came up
with another name to like the original
name for him and yeah that would be very
interesting and and more creative who's
friends with like NPCs and stuff you are
why okay maybe call them or something
yes they are calling oh god wait go to
work
I have you have 550 percent of energy I
think energy what the hell energy I I
think I think you live nervous may I
pick up the phone
wanna go here told you
nope she just left for work
for Royal Box get spaghetti and it's 6
p.m. already I think I played for two
days already
then so
Wow mission accomplished
okay so I don't really have anything
more to do here so so that will be it
for this video
yeah that will be for this video I hope
you liked it I even know nothing really
interesting happened yeah thanks for
watching and if you like my stuff then
subscribe and something that comments
count really comments are obligatory
okay yeah
even more than likes okay so thank you
for watching and see you in the next one
bye bye
let's walk on water like Jesus
yeah so much money so much coins many
coins yes
God stop already